(DOCS-7878) Changes for template vars/timeframe vars (#23308)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/app_builder/embedded_apps.md

   {{< code-block lang="json" disable_copy="false">}}
${global?.dashboard?.templateVariables?.find(v => v.name === '<TEMPLATE_VARIABLE_NAME>')?.value}
{{< /code-block >}}
- For a multi-select template variable:
   {{< code-block lang="json" disable_copy="false">}}
${global?.dashboard?.templateVariables?.find(v => v.name === '<TEMPLATE_VARIABLE_NAME>')?.values}
{{< /code-block >}}

### Time frame examples

To get the time frame start value, use the following template expressions:

- For the numerical timestamp:
   {{< code-block lang="json" disable_copy="false">}}
${global?.dashboard?.timeframe?.start}
{{< /code-block >}}
- For a formatted date and time:
   {{< code-block lang="json" disable_copy="false">}}
${new Date(global?.dashboard?.timeframe?.start).toLocaleString()}
{{< /code-block >}}

To get the time frame end value, use the following template expressions:

- For the numerical timestamp:
   {{< code-block lang="json" disable_copy="false">}}
${global?.dashboard?.timeframe?.end}
{{< /code-block >}}
- For a formatted date and time:
   {{< code-block lang="json" disable_copy="false">}}
${new Date(global?.dashboard?.timeframe?.end).toLocaleString()}
{{< /code-block >}}

> To add a button that sets the value of a date range picker component to the time frame of the dashboard, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a button that sets the value of a date range picker component to the dashboard's time frame:
```

1. Add a date range picker component to your app and name it "dateRangePicker0".

> 1. Add a button to your app. Under **Events**, fill in the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a button to your app.
1. Under **Events**, fill in the following values:
```
I think this could be split into separate steps for clarity? Feel free to ignore at your discretion based on how it looks in the UI.
